Add astral 2.2 upgrade blog (#875)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2021-04-09-astral-2.2.md

---
author: Martin Hjelmare
authorURL: https://github.com/MartinHjelmare
authorTwitter: MartinHjelmare
title: Astral upgraded to version 2.2
---

> We recently merged a [pull request](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/48573) to upgrade the astral library version used in Home Assistant Core to version 2.2. This is a major version bump which includes some breaking changes. We have updated the built in helpers and integrations that depend on astral. This resulted in a couple of breaking changes to our sun helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recently merged a [pull request](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/48573) to upgrade the astral library version used in Home Assistant Core to version 2.2. This will be released with Home Assistant 2021.5. This is a major version bump of Astral which includes some breaking changes, this caused us to update our built-in helpers and integrations that depend on astral. This has resulted in a couple of breaking changes to our sun helpers.
```

Custom integration authors that are maintaining integrations that use the sun helpers or the astral library directly, should review the breaking changes and update their custom integrations if needed.

The sun helper has changed its signature for `get_astral_location` and `get_location_astral_event_next` to include an `elevation` parameter. Also the return value of `get_astral_location` has changed to a tuple including elevation.

```py
@callback
@bind_hass
def get_astral_location(
    hass: HomeAssistant,
) -> tuple[astral.location.Location, astral.Elevation]:
    """Get an astral location for the current Home Assistant configuration."""

@callback
def get_location_astral_event_next(
    location: astral.Location,
    location: astral.location.Location,
    elevation: astral.Elevation,
    event: str,
    utc_point_in_time: datetime.datetime | None = None,
    offset: datetime.timedelta | None = None,
) -> datetime.datetime:
    """Calculate the next specified solar event."""
```

Please see the [changelog of `astral`](https://github.com/sffjunkie/astral/blob/master/ChangeLog.md#22---2020-05-20) for further details.

> 
> The upgraded astral library will go out in version core-2021.5.0 of Home Assistant Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
